README.md, before:

# My Ansible Playbooks
Here is my public repo of Ansible playbooks. You're free to use and modify them as you see fit.

I'm working on writing some more playbooks, but these have sufficed for my homelab needs to date. There are other items I'm working on in the future that will significantly expand my use of Ansible and hence there will be some more playbooks that get written. I'll probably change the directory structure when that time comes.

# linux-playbooks/
| File                          | Description                                                                                       |
|-------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| disable-root-user.yml         | ensures the root user login is disabled (password locked and shell set to /usr/bin/nologin)       |
| dnf-update-standard.yml       | Updates all packaged on system to latest version.                                                 |
| fix-usb-freezing.yml          | Fixes the annoying issue where copying large files from USB causes system lockup.                 |
| sshd_config.yml               | Sets my standard SSHD config                                                                      |
| yum-standard-repos.yml        | Sets my standard repos to be enabled for yum/dnf                                                  |
| add-ssh-key.yml               | Adds my SSH public key to the ~/.ssh/authorized_keys file                                         |
| apt-add-defaults.yml          | Installs common utils I basically always use on a Linux box                                       |
| apt-get-upgrade.yml           | Performs standard apt-get upgrade, removes orphaned packages                                      |
| install-cisco-amp.yml         | Installs Cisco Secure Endpoint                                                                    |
| cron-auto-update.yml          | Adds a script for automatic updates to /opt/scripts and enables it to run daily at 00:00          |

Commit message:

Changed playbooks to new naming standard (prefix of groupname), added sample inventory .yml, fixed README

README.md, after:

# My Ansible Playbooks
Here is my public repo of Ansible playbooks. You're free to use and modify them as you see fit.

I'm working on writing some more playbooks, but these have sufficed for my homelab needs to date. There are other items I'm working on in the future that will significantly expand my use of Ansible and hence there will be some more playbooks that get written. I'll probably change the directory structure when that time comes.

# Linux Playbooks (linux-playbooks/)

| Playbook ID                   || File                                | Description                                                                                        |
|-------------------------------||-------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 01                            | debian-apt-get-upgrade.yml           | Performs standard apt-get upgrade, removes orphaned packages                                       |
| 02                            | debian-cron-auto-update.yml          | Adds a script for automatic updates to /opt/scripts and enables it to run daily at 00:00           |
| 03                            | debian-install-cisco-amp.yml         | Installs Cisco Secure Endpoint                                                                     |
| 04                            | debian-uninstall-cisco-amp.yml       | Installs Cisco Secure Endpoint                                                                     |
| 05                            | devnet-apt-add-defaults.yml          | Installs common utils I basically always use on a Linux box                                        |
| 06                            | fedora-dnf-update-standard.yml       | Updates all packaged on system to latest version on my fedora boxes.                               |
| 07                            | fedora-yum-standard-repos.yml        | Sets my standard repos to be enabled for yum/dnf on my fedora Boxes.                               |
| 08                            | linux-add-ssh-key.yml                | Adds my SSH public key to the ~/.ssh/authorized_keys file to all linux boxes.                      |
| 09                            | linux-cisco-amp-debug.yml            | Runs a debug on any linux host running CSE and exports it to selected directory.                   |
| 10                            | linux-disable-root-user.yml          | Disables the root user to ensure no-login on all linux boxes.                                      |
| 11                            | linux-fix-usb-freezing.yml           | Fixes USB freezing on large copy on all linux boxes.                                               |
| 12                            | linux-sshd_config.yml                | Sets standard SSHD config on all inux boxes (security related).                                    |


# Sample Inventory
The sample inventory is provided based on the groupings that I've defined in the playbooks, put hosts into the approriate groups and everything should run out of box.

# Running a Playbook
```bash
 ansible-playbook -i sample_inventory.yml linux-playbooks/linux-fix-usb-freezing.yml --ask-become-pass --user <your-remote-username> --ask-pass
```
